ROX#19804: Update docs for consolidated scanning (#72452)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/understanding-vulnerability-scores.adoc

= Understanding vulnerability scores

[role="_abstract"]
The {product-title-short} portal shows a single Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) base score for each vulnerability.
{product-title} shows the CVSS score based on the following criteria:

* If a CVSS v3 score is available, {product-title} shows the score and lists `v3` along with it.
For example, `6.5 (v3)`.
+
[NOTE]
====

> CVSS v3 scores are only available if you are using the StackRox Scanner version 1.3.5 and newer or Scanner V4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CVSS v3 scores are only available if you are using the StackRox Scanner version 1.3.5 or later or Scanner V4.
```

====
* If a CVSS v3 score is not available, {product-title} shows only the CVSS v2 score.
For example, `6.5`.

You can use the API to get the CVSS scores.

> If CVSS v3 information is available for a vulnerability, the response includes both CVSS v3 and CVSS v2 information.

Reviewer 2: Sorry just noticed this: CVSS v2 is pretty much not produced anymore, so it's very possible we only get v3 now. Maybe replace "the response includes both" with "the response may include both"

> For a Red Hat Security Advisory (RHSA), the CVSS score is set to the highest CVSS score among all the related CVEs. One RHSA can contain multiple CVEs, and Red Hat sometimes assigns a different score based on how a vulnerability affects other Red Hat products.

Reviewer: I only recently learned this one, so I probably missed some instances. Suggest doing a global search for `Red Hat` and swapping for `Red{nbsp}Hat` (it keeps the line from breaking in the middle of the company name)
```suggestion
For a Red Hat Security Advisory (RHSA), the CVSS score is set to the highest CVSS score among all the related CVEs. One RHSA can contain multiple CVEs, and Red{nbsp}Hat sometimes assigns a different score based on how a vulnerability affects other Red{nbsp}Hat products.
```

Author: Started changing them, but there were too many. Created a ticket for the rest: https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ROX-23215

> = Understanding vulnerability scores

Reviewer 2: do we have anything about severity or just CVSS score? If not, we definitely should, as we believe severity is a MUCH better indicator of risk than CVSS score. Can you create a ticket to address this?

Author: Do we follow the Red Hat ratings? https://access.redhat.com/security/updates/classification?extIdCarryOver=true&sc_cid=701f2000001OH74AAG

Author: Added this to ticket https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ROX-23212

[role="_abstract"]
The {product-title-short} portal shows a single Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS) base score for each vulnerability.
{product-title} shows the CVSS score based on the following criteria:

* If a CVSS v3 score is available, {product-title} shows the score and lists `v3` along with it.
For example, `6.5 (v3)`.
+
[NOTE]
====
CVSS v3 scores are only available if you are using the StackRox Scanner version 1.3.5 and newer or Scanner V4.
====
* If a CVSS v3 score is not available, {product-title} shows only the CVSS v2 score.
For example, `6.5`.

You can use the API to get the CVSS scores.

> If CVSS v3 information is available for a Common Vulnerabilities and Exposure (CVE), the response includes both CVSS v3 and CVSS v2 information.

Reviewer 2: CVE stands for `Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures` plural. It'd be best to say "vulnerability" instead, anyway, because ACS also shows non-CVEs like RHSAs

> For some CVEs, the Red Hat Security Advisory (RHSA) CVSS score may differ from the CVSS score visible in the {product-title-short} portal.

Reviewer 2: This sentence doesn't really make sense. I'd say we should remove this sense and replace it with `For a Red Hat Security Advissory (RHSA), the CVSS score is set to the highest CVSS score among all the related CVEs`.

This difference is because one RHSA can contain multiple CVEs, and Red Hat sometimes assigns a different score based on how a vulnerability affects other Red Hat products.

> In such cases, {product-title} performs the following actions:

Reviewer 2: let's just remove this section

* Finds the highest-scoring CVE from the National Vulnerability Database (NVD) and shows its score as the CVSS score for the RHSA.

> * Breaks out each CVE in the RHSA as a separate vulnerability with its original CVSS score (from the NVD), so that you can view each one and create policies for specific CVEs.

Reviewer 2: I don't think this was ever true. This is what we want in the future but is definitely not true now
